Queue Mode: No need for Rake tasks workaround anymore (#233)
KnapsackPro/docs.knapsackpro.com: docusaurus/docs/ruby/troubleshooting.mdx

## Rake tasks under tests are run more than once in Queue Mode

> **`knapsack_pro` version 8.1.1 fixed this issue.**

Reviewer: recommedation 

We could be more actionable. We could tell users what to do instead of them trying to figure it out.

```suggestion
Please update the `knapsack_pro` gem to the latest version.
```

> import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';

Reviewer: I think imports like that should be at the top as we do in other places: `docusaurus/docs/ruby/rspec.mdx`.

Author: As a rule, I was keeping them closer to where they are used.

See for example at the bottom of this file: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KnapsackPro/docs.knapsackpro.com/refs/heads/main/docusaurus/docs/ruby/queue-mode.mdx

But we can change that in a separate PR if you have a strong opinion.
